feat(apple): Prewarmed app start tracing is stable (#8812)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/apple/common/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation.mdx

### Prewarmed App Start Tracing

> Starting with iOS 15, the system might [prewarm](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/app_and_environment/responding_to_the_launch_of_your_app/about_the_app_launch_sequence#3894431) your app by creating the process before the user opens it. In these cases, we won’t be able to reliably measure the app start. Enabling the `enablePreWarmedAppStartTracing` feature allows you to collect prewarmed app starts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with iOS 15, the system might [prewarm](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/app_and_environment/responding_to_the_launch_of_your_app/about_the_app_launch_sequence#3894431) your app by creating the process before the user opens it. In these cases, we won’t be able to reliably measure the app start. Enable the `enablePreWarmedAppStartTracing` feature  to collect prewarmed app starts.
```
